     Press J to jump to the feed. Press question mark to learn the rest of the keyboard shortcuts Search all of Reddit Get App Log In User account menu Found the internet! Feeds Home Popular Topics Gaming Valheim Genshin Impact Minecraft Pokimane Halo Infinite Call of Duty: Warzone Path of Exile Hollow Knight: Silksong Escape from Tarkov Watch Dogs: Legion Sports NFL NBA Megan Anderson Atlanta Hawks Los Angeles Lakers Boston Celtics Arsenal F.C. Philadelphia 76ers Premier League UFC Business, Economics, and Finance GameStop Moderna Pfizer Johnson & Johnson AstraZeneca Walgreens Best Buy Novavax SpaceX Tesla Crypto Cardano Dogecoin Algorand Bitcoin Litecoin Basic Attention Token Bitcoin Cash Television The Real Housewives of Atlanta The Bachelor Sister Wives 90 Day Fiance Wife Swap The Amazing Race Australia Married at First Sight The Real Housewives of Dallas My 600-lb Life Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Celebrity Kim Kardashian Doja Cat Iggy Azalea Anya Taylor-Joy Jamie Lee Curtis Natalie Portman Henry Cavill Millie Bobby Brown Tom Hiddleston Keanu Reeves More Topics Animals and Pets Anime Art Cars and Motor Vehicles Crafts and DIY Culture, Race, and Ethnicity Ethics and Philosophy Fashion Food and Drink History Hobbies Law Learning and Education Military Movies Music Place Podcasts and Streamers Politics Programming Reading, Writing, and Literature Religion and Spirituality Science Tabletop Games Technology Travel Create an account to follow your favorite communities and start taking part in conversations. Join Reddit r/  learnmachinelearning Posts Wiki r/learnmachinelearning 48 Posted by 5 days ago a ChatGPT feature to give you prompt suggestions   Project 3 comments share save hide report 96% Upvoted Sort by: best   level 1 Op · 5 days ago The motivation being prompt engineering. With power going towards people who know the right prompt to use, it makes sense to have prompt suggestions at our fingertips instead of searching through prompt libraries. The suggestions are from either 1) your recent prompts (saved on only your computer) and 2) the open source prompt database https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts and prompts and answers shared by others. We included the option to “share prompts and answers” automatically, which can also be turned off whenever -- so no data is collected when it’s turned off. For those interested, feel free to try the beta here: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chatgpt-prompts-search-sh/gmhdpmjdfaiegdjjekoojmpidhlcneod?hl=en&authuser=0 . The suggestions are quite limited right now, but will be spending the next few weeks adding more prompt suggestions. 3 Reply Share Report Save Follow level 2 · 5 days ago Hi. This is great work. Who curates the “awesome chatgpt prompts”? 2 Reply Share Report Save Follow Continue this thread  About Community r/learnmachinelearning A subreddit dedicated to learning machine learning Created  Feb 23, 2016 283k Members 168 Online Top 1% Ranked by Size Join User Agreement Privacy policy Content policy Moderator Code of Conduct Reddit Inc © 2023. All rights reserved Back to Top    Advertisement    