Kevin’s Call with Note Taker
Key learnings
Current state: 
linkedin DMs, reddit DMs, Twitter, direct contact, posting on subreddits
Problems with current state:
You probably only land 10% of user feedback positive responses from your outreach
Solution
This is super useful for early stage entrepreneurs who are in the user discovery phase (still trying to nail down their target audience)
It was not clear that this is user feedback matching, had to explain that entrepreneurs say what target audience they fall under
Mentor exchange platform might be helpful, but lots of alternatives exist like reading blog posts and finding mentors
User feedback will be from your startup’s users instead of this platform once you have users because your startup’s users are most helpful
He’d want the system to be on demand finding users
To get what target background you are, you might want it to be free form (personal note: risk, we’re still missing info because people don’t know what target backgrounds others need)
He would want users to chat with immediately
He imagines this would work by filling out a form and then setting up a time to chat
Misc
Need to make our questions open ended and capture the whole user flow

*need to make them more open ended*
Was that helpful (assuming they share their project first)? 
How was that user exchange? Just feedback on this?
Very helpful, huge reddit subreddit – r/startups, r/startup_ideas
A large part is nailing the initial steps – finding correct users and messaging
Lots of these parts are generally good to discuss with people who have gone through the journey..
Lots of startup founders have mentors, you’re often in the dark
A place to discuss the startup like a mentors exchange
How would a mentor exchange feel? One-sided?
Ppl who sign up are helpful. As time goes, and sticks, they’re helpful
Couple of mentors who helped – they might have had a different journey and give suggestions who aren’t relevant. Found it through investment
Info comes from reading and blogs
Would it be relevant? AI mentor.
Have you looked for user feedback in the past?
How has user feedback been in the past? How have you gone with it?
Once you get started it’s pretty easy – reach out to existing startups
Hypothesis where they are
How was that? What were the struggles?
Try to get in contact with them
How have getting user feedback on reddit and other platforms been so far? Works good enough? 
Would you be willing to spend time helping someone if it meant you would get help as well?
What do you think of a system where you spend time helping someone if it meant you would get help as well?
What do you think about a credit system? Would you give help to get help?
What platform would be best? Discord? Slack? Website?
What’s the first thing that comes to mind? How do you imagine how this works?

Questions for interviews
just bouncing ideas vs user feedback vs technical help?
platform? slackbot
would you want weekly setup or more flexible that you get to go on your own?
On demand – i have an idea and do discovery and talk to 100 people, prob land at 10
Try to set up a time, willing early on to do this
Mentors – he would try it out, otherwise finds mentors through his network and if it’s positive
Should we say that the 10 questions are people’s user groups?
Suggestion on matching system?
People can approve user exchanges
People can get assigned user exchanges, not necessarily mutual
Mentor is someone you stick with for a while, one-time is best for bouncing ideas. Pay it forward. 
Might need to include speed dating.
User feedback – one-time conversation, helpful early on
Feedback: https://swup.unicornplatform.page/
Feedback on the form: https://tinyurl.com/swup22
Free form – instead of yes or no, lots of yes no categories
background to get more info
What’s the first thing that comes to mind? How do you imagine how this works?
Imagine to get matched up with at least 1 person via email. Those people would set up a time that works. Allow them to chat a bit, maybe not. Filling out a form he just filled out to setting up a time.
Pretty quickly, few suggestions in matches straight away. Few people to walk with. Wants to set how many people to chat with. What frequency per week. 
User feedback
Post on linkedin (DMs) or reddit or twitter or direct contact – search founders in small companies and product managers
