12/26/22 BrainCo Meeting
Max Newlon,, President

Background: Hey! I’m trying to make getting user interviews less of a pain for new startups. We’re just starting out and don’t have anything to sell, but want to make sure we’re building something that actually helps. You’re working on a startup and could really help me cut through the fog to see if user interviews are even important. Do you have time this week to chat for 15 minutes? I'm free to give feedback as a project manager as well

Do you get user feedback?
How? At what stage of the company?
Start with product idea and get it into market as quickly as they could
Some user interviews during development and industry expert interviews
Ideally they’re working with users way before launch
Trying to do that more now
How to get users?
Personal users? 
25$ incentive at events didn’t work?
Mostly use their network and would like to have a bigger network
Reach out to people who reach out to people
Mostly on email
Reach out to linkedin after running out of inner-people
They always ask “do you know anyone else”
Working on email database
Now starting to just talk about pain points only in user interviews
Targeting professors so wouldn’t use userinterviews.com
What’s the hardest part of getting user feedback?
How do you manage getting and scheduling user feedback sessions? (Are they mutual?)
Is there anything that goes wrong with your current system of getting user feedback?
Ex. With your current user feedback system, does it happen often when you don’t have a user to speak to when you want feedback? 
In those situations when you can’t get user feedback, if you had a better way to get user feedback, would that be helpful? Or do you not really care if you get the user feedback immediately?
Different for your different products?
Anything else we should’ve asked? Given we’re trying to help companies with an app
What is the worst part?
Quick access to the right people and expertise around asking the right questions
Notes
Finding people who want the thing you’re building and would do it for free
OR people are entrepreneurs and want to help for free
It doesn’t matter how good your idea is it matters if you’re solving for something else
Help people defeat cognitive bias
Highlight what you learned

Notes:


Key Takeaways:
He started by trying to build the product fast and get into market as quickly as they could. They began shifting away from this philosophy to save time and money. Right now, they are reaching out to their immediate network in order to test their tech. They are doing this rather than user interviews.com because 1.) Lots of their users are professors or researchers which they don’t think they could find on userinterviews.com and 2.) They have to send the physical device which isn’t possible on these sites. 
What would really help him is if he had a bigger network and an easier way to access this network. First he reaches out to immediate contacts from email, then reaches out to Linkedin. 
He thinks that lots of people would have a pain point that they’d like to be solved and would do user interviews for free OR seasoned entrepreneurs who know the difficulties of building a business would be willing to do user interviews for free. 
